So why would we want to learn about DevOps?
Well, there's a lot of different reasons,
and it can apply to us still, even if we're not trying to be a DevOps engineer.
The first is that there's high salary growth and pay, up 5.2% in 2020.
And there's a growing demand not only for DevOps engineers,
but the skills that DevOps engineers have.
So, even if you're in a more traditional software engineering role,
or another role somewhere in the technology field,
having these skills can still be very valuable.
And, of course,
you'll need to learn about DevOps to prepare for AWS certifications like the AWS
Certified DevOps Engineer Professional level certification.
But what can you build with DevOps skills?
Well,
I'll be showing you in this course how you can set up development
workflows to streamline everything that you're putting together using
Git and a bunch of other DevOps tooling.
We'll also look at how we can include things like testing,
builds, and the deployment of applications inside of development workflows,
as well as how we can manage our entire infrastructure in the cloud using
code rather than going into the AWS console and clicking a million
different buttons to try and get what we want.
So being able to build all these things sounds pretty awesome,
but why AWS DevOps tooling specifically?
Because AWS remains the public cloud leader among competitors like
Microsoft Azure and Oracle, integrating AWS developer tools with
your applications will also allow you to manage your
infrastructure and code in one place.
Also,
AWS has a variety of different integrations between all of its many services
that make developing applications on the AWS a good experience.
So, hopefully I've convinced you that we're about to learn some
useful and essential skills that will benefit our career and any
other technical goals that we have. So let's dive in by looking at some fundamentals.